The bounds of human knowledgement

I am thinking seriously about human knowledgement. I am wishing to have a lot of knowledgement and be able to understand in a better way some phenomena available in this universe.

The universe is a very wide subject. Just focus in things like natural sort of things like animals, and people. And some mechanical things that can be machines and physics laws.

I am aware of the hardness of keep tracking all features that any study object can have in any subject. But my dream is to never give up. I want to have a lot of time and healhy as a way to enjoy the vast world in we live.

Health is a problem faced by many people. Dennis Ritchie was a great scientist and he gets died because its health can't support him anymore. They were wise man who faced several problems in science. I think that if they made a better effort to enjoy the life, they could stop disease that killed him.

Always I think in the power of mind. Our mind is our toolset to analyze the reality. Our world in a low-scale is made of particles with no defined behaviour and can't not match any prediction. But they, together, builds our reality.

This sort of things keep aware of the narrow thoughts that must be avoided. Left aside things like emotional problems and psychology. Only you can understand yourself to a true degree.

The degree of self-knowledge that somebody can achieve is attained to its own decision to keep alive and enojy its life. God keeps us alive, because we don't know how to support ourselves.

God is a the key person in any science book. He made everything and sorted the universe. We are a showcase of its limitless abilites to make any thing that he propoused to do.

Also, he is a great reason to keep yourself alive. He is a friend who made you. Always you can count with him.

Computational theory is a mathematical tool that gives us a powerful glimpse in what kind of things are possible for our limited minds. A mind is only limited by its imagination. That is a fact proved by many smart people who defeating barriers in several fields of science and art.

I consider Art as a lost son of science because Art is for smart people. You are so smart as you want. You push your limits away.

You can get more than your body gives you. Push away your limits is a joy that can make smile any person of this world.

I am making a big effort to replace some words that i commonly use by some newest that are right for the context.

I am not a native english man. I don't born near of any speaking-english country. I don't have contact with people or things came from english lands. 

But i am making a great effort to defeat this kind of barries.

Mankind can update its thoughts everyday. They should. Because the world is changing everyday

I like science in any subject it can come. I am newcomer to the field of math and physics. I am praying for more mind and spiritual strength to find a proper road for my dreams.

I am trying to face many problem at once. That is a lot hard for me to solve.

First problem to face is to learn english as a mind tool to explore new worlds. With english you can go to new countries and expand your mental point of view of how things are get done.

 

